So in the section we learn about how to read error messages and how to use the debugger with source
maps.
There is a third tool you can use when working with angular apps.
It's called augury.
So you can simply google for this angular augury.
If you click on this you should get taken to the official web page where you can click install which
should take you to the grocery store.
Since this is a Chrome extension now I already added it.
You can add it by clicking here on ADD to Chrome and once you edit it you can open it in your developer
tools.
Maybe you need to open and close your developer tools to see it and then pick augury here now.
Augury is a nice little tool which allows you to analyze your and your application.
So if we reload are happier we see for example all our components and here we only have one an honest
component you can jump into the state and see the properties of this component and also see the elements
of that.
And for more complex applications you can have a look at the inject or Grof and injection is something
we will cover in one of the later modules but basically which will allow you to see dependencies between
your components and your services and your app.
Again this will be taught in a later module when we come to routeing You can also have a look at your
results here and how they work together.
You can check your Engy modules like the app Marchal what it imports what it declares what it offers
you.
So that is a nice little tool to understand your app at runtime to see that app dependencies and jump
right into them and to be able to analyze them.
So with these tools reading the error messages using source maps to easily D-bag and using auguries
to understand the application and your dependencies you've got a lot of great tools which should really
help you debug your applications and create great angular applications there for